The name of the source files is “ source files”, which includes “Image alignment”,  “Phase congruency keypoint response”, and “Feature matching based on phase congruency constraints” three file folders.
1) “Image alignment” file folder is used to obtain the alignment images for original images. In “Image alignment” file folder, we provide three examples for three dataset respectively, including “building”, “tree-and-building”, and “playground” file folders. For example, in the “building” file folder, “code-aligned-Autoencoders” is source files for image alignment, and “building-result” is the file folders including original files and the result files. In “building-result”, “original_1.jpg” and “original_2.jpg” are the original images.“ x_code.png” and “y_code.png” are Tr and Rr, “ x_hat.png” and “y_hat.png” are Tc and Rc, “ x_tilde.png” and “y_tilde.png” are Tw and Rw. Final, Xn and Yn are the alignment images responding to the original images. “tree-and-building”, and “playground” file folders are similar to “building” file folder.
2) “Phase congruency keypoint response” file folder is used to obtain the Phase congruency keypoint response. In “Phase congruency keypoint response” file folder, we provide three examples for three dataset respectively, including “building”, “tree-and-building”, and “playground” file folders. For example, in the “building” file folder, it includes “source file”, “input images”, and “result images” three file folders. “source file” is the procedures computing phase congruency keypoint response. “input images” is the input of the procedures, which is obtained by the procedures of image alignment. “result images” is the output of the procedures, which includes results of “Xn ” and “Yn ”, and includes twenty-four different scales and angles phase congruency images as well as keypoint response images. 
3) “Feature matching based on phase congruency constraints” file folder is used to construct the model of feature matching based on phase congruency keypoint response constraints. In “Feature matching based on phase congruency constraints” file folder, It includes “Featurematching”, “input_images”, “featurematchingresult”, and “optimization_model” four parts. “Featurematching” is the source file of feature matching. “input_images” is the input of feature matching, which includes original images and their keypoint response images from the procedures of “Phase congruency keypoint response” . “featurematchingresult” includes the result of feature matching result.   “optimization_model” is our best trained model, which is utilized to finish the feature matching.
